girlfriend
That's not what you just said
You are classified as Lin's daughter
But I'm best friends with people from humble backgrounds like me
Your kindness to me reminds me all the time
Everything I am now
It's all given to me by you
Do you think I will appreciate you?
You guess
Miss Lin's Group is worth tens of billions
If you are defiled by Shasana in turn
What's the consequence of that?
Hahahaha
God I beg you to let me go
I'll be too late after I leave
Come in and go
European Union
Please let me go
European Union hahaha
Oops hahaha
The boss said the woman was tied to a chair
Or is he right?
Yeah, this one is really smooth, hahaha.
Sister, the pain you went through
Will make them double their repayment